you
ladies and gentlemen I am Brock beard
and this is your starting lineup as they
have qualified for tonight's running of
the LifeLock calm 400 at the Chicagoland
Speedway their sponsor may give you
wings but will a sweep of the front row
finally give team Red Bull its first
Sprint Cup points victory will have to
wait and see it's Brian Vickers of the
red bulldozer with an outstanding fifth
poll of 2009 the need for Scott Speed
ties his best career start at Homestead
from last fall row to Jimmy Johnson won
his only Nationwide race here almost won
the Cup race last year hopes to get that
elusive win tonight Denny hammer and
Hamlin led 63 laps at Daytona and is
looking to lead many more here in Joliet
Row 3 the warrior from Emporia Clint
Boyer and the wild thing defending
Chicago winner Kyle Busch is back in the
saddle again after that savage crash
last Saturday
row for the wonderboy 2006 winner Jeff
Gordon and an eighth place starting spot
for awesome Bill Elliott in his first
start since Michigan Row 5 Hooda man
David Reutimann and also out of the
Michael Waltrip stables comes the
Tasmanian Devil Marcos Ambrose the sixth
row has read 43 Sorensen and the Rocket
Man 2003 winner Ryan Newman rose 7 fan
favorite in 2005 winner Dale Earnhardt
jr. and a mark 5 of Mark Martin sits
13th in points 65 out of 12 row 8 kasey
kahne your winner at sonoma and stunning
Sam Hornish Jr with a good qualifying
run brownie the amazed at David Ragan
still looking to recapture that magic
from last season and the I bullets
Dave Blaney in car 66 row 10 Juan Pablo
Montoya has points racing azimuth solid
11th in points and AJ Allmendinger was
13 here last season
roll 11th undo sirs-e fury Martin Truex
Jr is going to Michael Waltrip's team
next season and the blue deuce of Kurt
Busch's for the points road 12 as the
mayor Jeff Burton and Joey Joey Joey
Logano the New Hampshire winner Road 13
it's the quack silver Board of concrete
Carl Edwards and Mike Bliss in James
Fitch's Mikasuki dodge row 14th up right
yellow fella Paul Menards fabulous
present board an inaugural and two-time
Chicago in her happy Kevin Harvick was
third in 2008 row 15 Brad Keselowski has
Tony Eury jr. on the pit box and Joplin
Missouri
Jamie McMurray has Sears on the hood row
nemco joe nemecheck with new sponsorship
from New York City bagel Delhi and the
Rushville Rockette Tony Stewart when
that hotly contested race last week at
Daytona rose 17 in car 17 mighty Matt
Kenseth always runs much better at the
mile and a half that he qualifies and
the master of disguise Elliott Sadler
was 10 last week row 18th of F Meister
Greg Biffle has a ways to go to get to
the front as does David Stremme II in
the second Penske dodge row 19th on Napa
maniac Michael Waltrip will scale back
to a part-time season next year
ancient single oh seven Kasey Mears in
the Jack Daniels car rode 20 Mike
Skinner and Tommy Baldwin racing get
into the show for new sponsor Palermo's
pizza and John Andretti with a new look
on his number 34 row 21 its owner driver
Robby Gordon in his Toyota and the DLP
Ford of the answer Bobby Labonte and in
row 22 all by himself
David Gilliland continues his qualifying
streak for the racer screw three cars
failed to qualify this week Mike 60
Minutes Wallace Pugin Suleman gang
Dexter black bean in car 51 and Tony
thank goodness this week's qualifying
wasn't canceled by the rains in front
row Motorsports
4:37 and ladies and gentlemen there is
your field the LifeLock comm 400